"now THATS good music"---average milkshake listener
m-- 
what da--dog doin?
your moma--watch hfjONE now or i kidnap toriel
i want my--car keys back
my name is--cleveland brown
welcome to myshow...--...called ONE
what the h-h...--H-HECK!!
hi-whats up
Also Play-- Ping Mayhem!!!
137 is the--greatest number
"aww! bryce x liam cute shipping!"--amelia said
are you aware of the fact that--human flesh is delectable
Charlotte apparently went to jail--Yep.
Hey guys--Texty here
Liam is--Full of spaghetti
Hello--My name’s Folder
I work at epic burger!--It sucks..
HFJONE??--REAL???
My name--isn't backpack
The golden one?--More like the danken one
what if--the silver two
im brycing--all over the place
EL_CYAAN HAS THE HFJONE PLUSHIES!!--ATTACK!!!!!!
PLEASE--PLEASE DONT NEUTRALIZE ME
join the--discord server
demotivation--served and fried
you dont need 9 thousand mechanics--to make a good mod
this is the real one 19-- trust me
women are real--this is official
"i prefer mangoes to oranges"--so what youre saying is you hate oranges? you also failed to mention pineapples, bananas, and grapefruits. educate yourself. im literally shaking.
you ever have a extistential crisis--and them
i sure hope there ae--no mispelings here
This is the first line--This is the second line
Adrien--Sodascentpack my beloved
hfj--one
im dead to this world soda bottle--dont you get it?
Marshal--Emerson
if you see this--this mod is miraculously not cancelled
hello contestants, my name is--sorry
BALDI--IN TGO
school laptops suck--they banned the goddamn dinosaur game
milkshake--best composer
fr--fr !!!
boom--sfx
his name is not backpack--get it right
GET THE FUCK--OUT OF MY APARTMENT
We swore on--Funky Friday
the silver two dlc--releasing in 2004
Dave and Bambi:--The Golden One
What if Golden Freddy from FNAF--Was the real Golden One this whole time
one one seven--is real
1337--xd
kris get the banana--WHAT
void is a bowl was here--Golden ONE V2 is epic
you know bryce--maybe the true one was the friends we made along the way
ok can i join--and can i be frisbee
I LOVE JAMIE!---clorbort101
bryce....--HFJONE??????!!??!?@
hi guys--i love chainsaw man
fried fingers--dipped in hot sauce
ughhhh can you be quiet man--ughhhhh shakes butt
never send me--buttcheeks.png
erm....--what the scallop?
green mage--squished
frogs--wrath
euthansia--rollercoaster
dont type everhood--in the modulator